listen there's a new blumhouse movie
about a couple and their daughter who
get an airbnb overseas in order to get
away only to end up trapped inside this
shifting house
i know amanda doesn't play the daughter
her dad
husband it's pretty much three stories
in one that of a haunted house story a
broken marriage
and a guilty psyche bundled into one and
in my opinion
it's an okay rented depending on how
many of the three work for you
let me explain now in terms of a scary
movie i think that's the weakest aspect
of it because the jump scares are
stupid just a deer
or something nah it was them loud ass
violence we follow theo a banker who has
some history that's followed him since
before his daughter was even born
his first wife drowned in a bathtub and
pretty much everyone thinks he's guilty
to some degree since he was there when
it happened and even though he was found
not guilty
that notion hasn't gone away i killed
her sis
and so the family decides to get away
and stay at a rental house over in wales
which you can actually book online in
real life
just know that the movie added a second
story and halls and tubs and demons in
the movie their cell phone service
doesn't work when they get there
there are light switches meant for rooms
that are no longer there theo goes down
one hall after another
after another only to encounter a new
nightmare in every corner and he doesn't
even realize that every time he's gone
for five minutes
he's really gone for five hours
meanwhile his family's just chilling
ready to binge watch shows can't we
watch some recap first
listen the local grocer brings up how
the devil created the house
something that's expanded upon the novel
that it's based on with the idea being
that new
souls are called to it and entrapped
with a new building built
over or expanding every time the grocery
even gives him a 90 degree ruler which
he uses later when the house and its
dimensions start caving in on itself
shifting like the shadows that keep
following him what was there before
another house makes sense house fun
else what else a house and a house hell
there's even a picture of the house
in the house but theo's defined to take
it all in okay no no
this can't be happening you know until
he has no choice
i'll explain it to you in the morning he
keeps seeing different premonitions
shadows and writings left in his book
that he doesn't know where they come
from
but it isn't until ella goes missing
that he decides to run away
until it's too cold and decides to go
back and i can't really argue because
previously whenever i said i would
encounter a haunted location my response
would be to go get an airbnb
but this is the airbnb that said i damn
sure wouldn't go back in there and say
night night
while he continues to get haunted
taunted and left with his foot loose he
encounters the being of his nightmares
known as stetler who you can kind of see
as the devil
imitating theo and letting him know that
the house lured him in
and that the sins of his past must be
paid for or they're going to be passed
down to his family
the looping of the house and him within
different dimensions of it kind of
reminded me a lot of
this movie right here that i won't fully
spoil but you'll kind of get the gist of
it
as he realizes that he's the cause of a
lot of the anguish while being in there
and so in order to save his family he
gives up himself
is he good is he bad that's one of those
things that you're going to have to kind
of decide after you've seen the film oh
man fun [ __ ] now the marriage story
aspect i think is a lot more interesting
they think you're dangerous
you're not supposed to like while theo's
a banker in the movie he was actually a
screenwriter in the novel with his wife
susannah being an actress which she
remains in the movie
seyfried's real life assistant even
played her pa in the movie and probably
heard a lot of these quotes on other
sets as well josh is such a perv he gave
me this whole thing about how
the female orgasm has never represented
an american film i just think he wanted
to see me naked
on one of the days theo visits susannah
at work while she's filming a sex scene
that made her uncomfortable so she
continues performing with him so his ego
stays in tech and he's not he's just
a really good actress that's all i'm
saying
and you're a passive-aggressive dick is
all i'm saying
this idea that this you know this older
man and this woman who's much too young
for him
we wanted to present that from the very
beginning as the problem with this
relationship
you know she's on her phone all the time
he doesn't do social media he doesn't
get that
and he's 27 years older than she is she
will die first right
no i'm not going to help it while their
getaway is meant to escape all the stuff
that they have back home
they still traveled with their own
baggage theo finds out that she's
cheating on him while he catches her
with a second phone and his old as is
like
you can have a second phone her phone is
off or she's out of range
why don't you call her other phone and
so he kicks her out not realizing that
he himself is stuck there you chose this
place not me no i didn't you sent me the
link
i absolutely did not you said it to me
this man was so concerned with his wife
being on her phone
that none of them thought about double
checking this red flag avery essex plays
the daughter in the film and i think she
gives a really good performance and has
one of the most pivotal scenes when it
comes to the themes of the movie as
susanna reveals to her what her dad's
been suppressing all this time
some people think that if you're accused
you must be guilty of something
[Music]
how long am i supposed to stay in
purgatory i just need a knight to myself
now i know co previously did secret
window and as a writer probably didn't
want to go down the same path of
keeping theo as one but the original
concept is cool because he ends up
writing daily occurrences into his novel
while a new nightmare and then to take
all that
and and use the house almost as a
a reflection of a person's um soul
we find out that while he didn't
actively kill his wife he didn't do
anything to stop her or even fix the
relationship before it got as bad as it
did
so from the director's catholic
perspective it really is about the sins
of the father being paid
well as bacon puts it he isn't asking
forgiveness from god
but his little girl if he even deserves
it that's the problem with
mirrors
they always show you yourself can't even
trust yourself
so really from the context of it being
in his psyche in his mind
it's less a haunted house story and more
so his guilt that keeps him up his night
that it was really himself trying to
reach himself it's his guilt that keeps
him trapped and if you don't reconcile
your past sins
it'll entrap those you love as well and
so he sacrifices himself so that they
can be free
it's a hell house but not one that's
just physical it's a state of mind you
can't escape
that showcases how your past affects
your presence
and if you don't fix it won't haunt your
future thank you guys for checking out
this video i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section i
would not say it's worth the 20 because
i'm sure
like a lot of recent vods will
eventually be streaming on a platform in
a couple of months
uh but the book is less than 20 so if
you want to read it i think it fleshes
out the characters way more
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section dealing with this
movie or any other horrors
uh there's a bunch on shutter that i've
been watching so there's definitely a
lot more elements on those but i'm
curious to see if any others stood
out to you let me know your thoughts
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe
and i'll book you the house for a
weekend